.\" Copyright (c) 2005 Petta Technology, Inc.  <freenote@petta-tech.com>
.TH fnprobe 1  "March 3, 2005" "fnprobe 1.0" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
fnprobe \- network performance monitoring probe

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fnprobe
[\-b \fIdirectory\fR] [\-d \fI0\fR|\fI1\fR] [\-f \fIconfigfile\fR] [\-p \fIpidfile\fR] [\-v] [\-V] [\-h]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B fnprobe
(FreeNote Probe) is a program designed to simulate user agent actions in order to automatically test the performance and reliability of network services.

.SH OPTIONS
.BR \-b ", " \-\-base-dir
\fIbasedir\fR
.TP
.PP
Set the base directory where the team information file and keys are stored.  The default \fIbasedir\fR is \fI$HOME/.freenote\fR.
.PP

.BR \-d ", " \-\-daemon
\fI0\fR | \fI1\fR
.TP
.PP
A value of \fI0\fR will cause the probe to run in the foreground while a value of \fI1\fR will cause it to run in the background (default).
.PP

.BR \-f ", " \-\-configfile
\fIconfigfile\fR
.TP
.PP
Set the location of the configuration file.  The default is \fIbasedir\fR/\fIrc\fR.
.PP

.BR \-p ", " \-\-pidfile
\fIpidfile\fR
.TP
.PP
Set the location of the pid file.  The default is \fIbasedir\fR/\fIfnprobe.pid\fR.
.PP

.BR \-l ", " \-\-log-method \fIlogmethod\fR
.TP
.PP
Set the output of probe messages.  The value \fIlogmethod\fR is a comma seperated list including one or more of the following:
.TP
.PP
\fIsilent\fR \fIstdout\fR \fIsyslog\fR \fIfilelog\fR
.PP

.BR \-v ", " \-\-verbosity
\fIlevel\fR
.TP
.PP
Set the verbosity of probe messages to \fIlevel\fR from 0 to 3.
.PP

.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
.TP
.PP
Display version information.
.PP

.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
.TP
.PP
Display usage information. 
.PP




.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Start probe in the foreground in verbose mode with all messages to standard output:
.PP
.B fnprobe
\-d 0 \-\-logmethod stdout \-v 3

.SH EXIT STATUS
.B fnprobe
returns a non-zero exit status in case of failure.
.SH AUTHOR
Petta Technology, Inc. <freenote@petta-tech.com>
.PP
http://freenote.petta-tech.com
